feat: Native Apple sign in (#1294)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/oauth.mdx

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/social-connections).
1. In the navigation sidebar, select **User & Authentication > Social Connections**.
1. Scroll to the **Allowlist for mobile OAuth redirect** section and add your redirect URLs.

## OAuth for Apple native applications

With Clerk, you can use [Sign in with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/) and offer a native authentication experience in your iOS, watchOS, macOS or tvOS apps.

Instead of the typical OAuth flow that performs redirects in a browser context, you can utilize Apple's native authorization and provide the openID token and grant code to Clerk. Clerk ensures that the user will be verified in a secure and reliable way with the information that Apple has provided about the user.

> See [OAuth with Apple](/docs/authentication/social-connections/apple) for additional information on how to configure your Clerk instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the dedicated guide](/docs/authentication/social-connections/apple) for additional information on how to configure Apple as a social provider for your Clerk instance.
```

Author: :+1: Updated.
